So let's see how you can create what Oprah's or communist blue yin that will display.
I like that here on the front end instead of printing this coupon we're going to see how you can print
some brokes Sarmast Bashar brokes that we want to display as a feature prose in the front and we're
going to be x' like library is a responsively equity continents like that.
I'd really like to use these blue Union unmuzzled of my web sites that I'm developing irresponsive is
free and is equerry.
So that means it's fully compatible with different browsers.
So first we're going to create a new file on we're going to navigate to the content Ankita and billions
we're going to create a new folder what we're going to call this WC is like the new comers layer and
we're going to create new files to keep the name.
This is the four letter which is dated to that be next is going to be right here and we're going to
add some extra information on about the so whether or not these blue you name ROOYEN name soon to be
ex like they're for will come as they were going that blue when you arrive you have a Web site you can
add these right here at my web site you see what I'm doing we're going to add the description if you
submit these into the Wordpress report this is the way that people can find your plan X X either into
commers finally or makes or not version 1.0.
It's going to be a new version that we're working day out or you can add your name Mangwana mine re
And then we're going to lay out of you are right in this case we're already highlighted the Web site
so you cannot leave this blank and I'm going to add that this is a man and we're going to use commers.
So with these NSA these and up and they back in employees
scroll to the bottom very dry here you can see we have the X slider for newcomers and we have a blue.
So we're going to activate these.
Now that it's activated we're going to add something here.
Or if someone opens these directly.
So for example let's say that we have a variable or the EU for equals to the name something like that
and let's say that someone is trying to up in these directly into the red.
So we're going to add something like Dolby content means the U.S. is Leider the loosies like that that
BHB
you can see that we've had divi named right here.
So right away something like these are probably like these we need to add something on the top where
we're going to define what are going to use constantly is that or would they we're going to have a as
go away so save these and know they can see we can go our way.
This is the way that you can prevent people from log in your Bruijn like these because most of the trillions
have sensitive data and such as these that have his name.
And this is a way that WordPress provides to secure our little your and rescue.
And then as we do we're going to continue developing these were commerce Blouin.